N21: Rust Linz: Learning Rust with Game Development (#625)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: content/news/021/index.md

[jamadazi_ghsponsors]: https://github.com/sponsors/jamadazi
[bevy]: https://bevyengine.org

### [Rust Linz: Learning Rust with Game Development][rust-linz]

[![Rust Linz talk screenshot](rust-linz.png)][rust-linz]
_Click on the image to watch the talk_

As part of April's Rust Linz meetup, [Herbert Wolverson][rust-linz-hw]
gave a talk about using game development as a means of learning
Rust, stepping through the creation of Flappy Dragon - a simple game

> used in his book 'Hands-On Rust' to teach the language basics.
> 
> 'Hands-On Rust' is currently available for 50% off, via a coupon
> posted on the [author's twitter][rust-linz-coupon].

Author: ```suggestion
used in his book *Hands-On Rust* to teach the language basics.

*Hands-On Rust* is currently available for 50% off, via a coupon
posted on the [author's twitter][rust-linz-coupon].
```

![How To Write a Crash Reporter](wor-crash-reporter.jpg)

> [@masonremaley][mason-remaley] wrote [an article](crash-reporter) walking![Uploading rust-linz.png…]()

Reviewer: .

Author: whoops, stupid github editor

Author: Fixed!
